# Community_Migration_Networks
Seasonal migrants maintain periodic “mobile links” between distant communities and ecosystems and structuring meta-communities and meta-ecosystems. However, we still lack a framework to characterize the spatial connections maintained by all migratory species in a community to scale migrations at the community level. We propose a framework to represent and characterize the migratory pathways at the community level and provide an empirical description of this pattern from a High-Arctic terrestrial community. We present community migration networks, defined as multipartite networks including both species from a focal community and the biogeographic regions associated with those species once they seasonally leave the community. We focus on the Bylot Island High-Arctic terrestrial community used as a summer breeding ground by several migratory species and define each species’ non-breeding (wintering) range using either tracking devices or species range maps refined with flyways and habitat types. We show that the migratory species of this community are distributed in hundreds of ecoregions across several continents during winter. We observed that the species from Bylot summer community present a low spatial overlap during the winter and are significantly divided into groups associated with different sets of ecoregions across the globe. The non-random structure of Bylot island community migration network suggests that ecological processes act to shape migrations at the community level. We provide a simple and general framework as a starting point to work with migrations at the community level, but the framework could be replicated elsewhere and adapted to more specific contexts such as the exchanges of energy, matter and organisms or the integration of trophic interactions, leading to novel opportunities in ecology.
